ding when I'm
falling I might quit I might
[Music]
friends all right all right all right
I'm back from a three nights backpacking
in Northern
California and I am here to grind and do
some cool ass [__] so what came in the
mail that's the question what came in
the mail what did I get while I was away
I got 50 Nerf rival rounds the reason
will become clear in a moment I got one
not one
sorry but
two high RPM DC motors
brushless 12 volts 4 to 7 amps lot of
lot of P power in the max one dual motor
controller
and this I had lying around hold
on and since I streamed last I have
somehow burnt out my Raspberry Pi Pico
so I need to solder headers onto
that for now I bought five more but they
come in 5 to 10 business days for some
reason if you buy off
Amazon it's like $9
for un unheaded Raspberry Pi
PWS so but on edif fruit you get them
for seven but you have to pay $5 a
shipping and it takes five to 10
business days so it's
like anyways the last thing a 12vt 20
amp power supply so we'll be using this
to drive the
motors
um so okay so I'm going to open up a
text
editor and we're going to just see what
it
is I can
do
okay so this is
um
96 24 we
have
um get
uh a motor
working uh yeah okay so okay so we need
to we need to make just not like a
random to-do list but we need to like
get this in the first thing I'm going to
do I'm just going
to
solder headers onto
the Pico so that'll just be me
away
um then at some point I do want to
uh get the face tracker working again
hopefully I don't burn it I don't want
to do that first because for some reason
here I'll explain what happened because
if anyone knows it would be really good
to actually know what happened I should
ask Chad gbt but got stuff to do all
right
so so here
is the face tracker and now I was it was
running it was it was
powered and what happened was I
disconnected one of the V Motors one of
the voltage to the motors while it was
while it was
running and then instantly everything
stopped moving and when I plug in my USB
to my computer to the Pico it just
doesn't detect anything so somehow how
it got fried I'm not exactly sure like
really what happened
because nothing should happen is if I
disconnect power to motor to the motor
driver that's fine so I don't know maybe
like I just don't know what could cause
that um oh yeah and then I need a bug
fix thing is
um get four pin male male headers for
plugging
in in Motors because dealing with these
wires is absolutely
brutal
um okay but the most important thing
actually I want to take a picture of the
documentation so because I don't know if
I can find this online presumably I can
but I had a hard time finding it so just
going to take a picture of it
okay so this is the specification for
the motor driver and
basically we're going to see if we can
just get one motor
spinning um which
means getting
this powered now the thing that I looked
up though is since we're starting to
deal with higher currents I can't just
use
my I can't just use my hack of wires
here sorry the lighting is [__] up but
this is just like my breadboard wire but
the thing is this is 22 AWG American
wire gauge which is only rated for like
seven amps but I am going to
be it's maximum using 15 amps and the
power supply itself can deliver 20 amps
so
and it's recommended in this data sheet
or whatever that you use a fuse I
ordered some fuses just a minute ago but
I'm not going to wait on them I don't
think
like I don't know it actually probably
is a good idea to get a kilowatt and
uh see the power
draw I wonder where I can find one CU I
know we have a
bunch all right so I got to get so get a
kilowatt that's on my list
at a kilowatt for the power
supply okay so in getting a motor
working what do we need to
do we need to hook up the
logic
and I guess what I could do so let's see
if that sync to my phone actually I
don't I don't really care um so it says
if you want to so okay so there's two
input pins for each of the motor and
this this chip this PCB can control two
Motors so for
the um so if if you put if you set both
inputs to
zero
then then it
breaks um there's also an enable pin
okay if you set the first input to one
and the second input to zero then it's
Full Speed Ahead you also have to set
enable to
one okay
so the real question will be is whether
or not 3vt
logic control signal voltage 3 to 6.5
volts
so presumably we can just use Pico
voltage and it it'll be F fine okay I uh
whatever I think I'm going to go solder
those
headers
e
[Music]
e e